SOURCE URL:
https://vgold.co.in/about-us

CONTENT:
Digital Gold in Pune – Buy Securely with Vighnaharta Gold About us admin 2025-07-15T07:04:38+00:00 About Us About Vighnaharta Gold Unveiling the Heart of Vighnaharta Gold. At Vighnaharta Gold, our story is one of vision, commitment, and trust. Established in 2011 by the dynamic Mr. Mahendra Luniya, our journey began with a mission to revolutionize how India invests in gold. With over two decades of dedicated research, our team has crafted a platform that not only offers unparalleled investment opportunities but also contributes to the economic growth of the nation. Our commitment to transparency and security sets us apart. We are proud to have 7000+ satisfied customers, including 1500 from Maharashtra, who have chosen Vighnaharta Gold for their gold investment needs. Join us, and let’s create a future where gold is not just a precious metal but a pathway to prosperity. Core Values Building Relationships Maintaining Transparency Building Trust Vision Vighnaharta Gold is here to revolutionise how you invest in gold. Our dynamic team is committed to making gold accessible and affordable for everyone by giving them the ability to buy gold online on interest-free EMI. Mission Our mission is to utilize the idle gold in the country by adding it to an organized finance segment. This will result in low interest rates, greater industrial growth, better employment opportunities, increased wealth creation, and ultimately lead to swift economic growth Our Team Our team comprises experienced and dedicated professionals who possess a profound comprehension of investments and the market, particularly in Gold. We are committed to providing the best guidance and services related to gold investment, and we aim to enhance the lifestyle of every individual while contributing to the growth of our country. About Chairman Directors Mahendra Luniya Director Meet Mr. Mahendra Luniya – a true game-changer in the Indian financial industry! With over 25 years of experience under his belt, he realized that despite physical gold worth INR 400+ Lakh Crores lying idle in the country, the Indian economy suffers from a massive Current Account Deficit (CAD). That’s when he decided to take matters into his own hands and spearheaded the development of the groundbreaking Vignaharta Gold platform! After conducting extensive research for over 8 years, he finally found a way to put all that idle gold to productive use and benefit everyone involved in the process – jewellers, retail buyers, and gold owners alike. Thanks to Mr. Luniya’s innovative approach, you can now get the best value out of your gold investment in the form of Vighnaharta Gold! Shardha Luniya Director Meet Mrs. Sharda Luniya – an invaluable asset to Vighnaharta Gold and a dedicated advocate for environmental sustainability! As the Director, she has been instrumental in the success of the platform, working alongside her husband, Mr. Mahendra Luniya. With a passion for societal impact, Mrs. Luniya is an active member of the Rotary Club and leads numerous initiatives through the VGold Foundation. Her recent project focused on planting trees to create a canopy in a truck driving test area, reducing pollution and providing natural shade. This initiative, in collaboration with the Rotary Club, demonstrates her commitment to enhancing the environment and community. Mrs. Luniya’s efforts have made significant contributions to both the ecosystem and Vighnaharta Gold’s social responsibility mission. Ranjan Paradkar Executive Director A true jack-of-all-trades Mr. Ranjan Paradkar is a Execative Director of Vighnaharta Gold Ltd. With over a decade of experience in technology, printing and telecommunication, he’s seasoned professional who’s played a pivotal role in the company journey. Despite being an Art Graduate, he’s proven his versetability by venturing into various fields before entering into the gold sector. His skills in customer service, understanding market dynamics, and embracing technology are just a few of the reasons why Vighnaharta Gold Ltd. is thriving under his leadership. With his ability to navigate different aspects of business operations. Mr. Paradkar is a true assets of a company. It’s no wonder that Vighnaharta Gold Ltd. is making waves in the competitive gold market with him at the helm! Sunil Limje IT Director Mr. Sunil Limje has accumulated over twenty years of dedicated service in the dynamic field of Information Technology, bringing a wealth of expertise and leadership to Vighnaharta Gold Ltd. As Chief Technology Officer (CTO), he has consistently fostered innovation, navigated complex technological landscapes, and led transformative initiatives that have propelled organizations to new levels of success. His passion for applying cutting-edge technologies to solve business challenges is equaled only by his dedication to cultivating collaborative environments that nurture team success and foster innovation. With extensive experience in IT strategy, architecture, and implementation, he is well-positioned to utilize his skills to deliver sustainable solutions and drive the future of technology at Vighnaharta Gold Ltd. About | Our Testimonials | Terms & Condition | Privacy Policy About | Brand Guidelines | Terms & Condition | Privacy Policy (function () {$('.NO-CACHE').attr('src',function () { alert($(this).attr('src') + "?a=" + Math.random()) return $(this).attr('src') + "?a=" + Math.random() }); });